Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you.
We continue again. So again, we begin with teaching. The teaching...
And so, now we continue. Again, the teaching says that, for example, as I said yesterday,
the Grand Master Vasubendu said in the teaching that to uphold the teaching of the Buddha,
to benefit to ourselves, then there are two things. That scripture, upholding the scripture
and upholding the realization or the yah, meaning of that teaching. In order to do that, uphold
the teaching, then the scripture teaching, again Vasubendu said, studying and contemplation.
And then upholding the realization or the meaning of that teaching, that means practicing, not
just only left on the intellectual level, but really observing that, applying that to
the heart, and those are known. Then, by that, you are the very beautiful holder of the Buddha
Jesus. Anyone who does that, that is what the teaching says. So, in order to begin with
that, whether we are studying, whether we are contemplating, whether we are meditating
or practicing, always, in the teaching, it is activated with the motivations. Motivation
of those joy and appreciation and both each other. And then, also, by perfect attitude
and understanding, that which is explained in here, too. But in all, this is like pure
land of the Buddha Chhachamunya. In all, great masters are at us. Everyone is really surrounded
to us, as we have so many beautiful images of that. Not just image, but not just a whole
kind of image, but really, truly, as a living great masters, masters kind of feel that we
are part of that whole assembly. And with those beautiful thoughts, intention, bodhicata,
and then we reflect on the teaching. So, yesterday, we discussed the first one, which is the whole
view of the whole three worlds. And today, we go pacifically now, how that started. And
that is here, and I think you will, if you look today, but I will again go here, here
with the root text, and how that began. And that, of course, gracious teacher, Buddha
Chhachamunya, it begins with the gracious teacher, Buddha Chhachamunya. Buddha Chhachamunya stayed
in the palace for 29 years, and then he left. I won't go over all those details. But, however,
Buddha, all major activities are highlighted into 12 deeds that I think everybody heard,
and we all heard that, and know that. But what are those 12 deeds, such as descending from the
heaven,
or to hit the heaven, enter the Chhachamunya, the guardian and the poet, and flaps the shoulder,
and enter in the, mayadee, which is warm, warm, warm, Chhachamunya, the guardian and the poet,
flaps the shoulder, and then taking rebirth, or taking birth, third is I think birth,
or maybe it first, maybe I missed it. Suppose that from the, to hit the heaven, he transformed as a
white elephant with six tusks, tusks, so that is the first, and the second is the descending from
the,
from the, to hit the heaven, and third, to the, to the, enter in the, mayadee, which is warm,
and then kind of learning all the art and the skills and the knowledge existing at that time,
the everything that you become very youthful, athletic, and the knowledge for everything,
and then next one is enjoying the royal palace, or the wedding ceremony,
married with a queen, and then living, living the kingdom, kingdom, and age 29, and then doing the
six-year ascetic, ascetic practices, ascetic practices, six years, and then walking toward the
body tree, and then defeating the old maras and obstacles, and reaching enlightenment,
and turning will of dharma, and then entering the Mahabharic Naranas, and that is the harmony,
is 12, yeah, so that is 12. Those are known as a highlighted like activity of the Buddha Chakra,
which is explained in the, in the book, the book that, in his own real books, and now when he
reached enlightenment at 35, and according to the very calendar, fourth month, month of the
daily calendars, and in full moon, and he reached the enlightenment. After that 49 days, he did not
give the teaching, or seven weeks he did not give any teaching, teachings particularly, and by the
recursiving of the Indra and the Brahman, then he turned the will of dharma, first time in a
dear path, modern time is known as Saranath, and that, from that on, then Buddha began to give the
teaching. According to Mahayana, that is the great master, that he gave from age 35 until to age 44
,
sorry 43 or 42, 42 he gave mainly teachings on the Vinaya teachings, Vinaya teachings he gave that.
So that is just the kind of like, or post turning will of dharma, that kind of, or that categorized
as post turning will of dharma, and post turning will of dharma is mainly teachings on the Vinayas,
or many teachings on the relative truths, where, how it should be, relative truths. So that is here
,
here, great master must not depend on the same, so Buddha gave to him, and first we give the
teaching to that, and principle meaning of the Vinaya is what? Teaching principle meaning of the
Vinaya is morality or the conduct. Morality and conduct teachings, and to whom he gave that
teaching first time is five human students, and 80,000 celestial beings, and as well as many
animals
of the deer box, the deers and so forth, they call the teaching. Because Buddha's teaching is a
teaching for all living beings, nothing is excluded. As we mentioned yesterday in the Koda teaching
,
the best thing, the foundation is zhi, what we say zhi is inherited to every living beings.
There's no difference of the zhi or the foundation, which is formally or properly named as Buddha
nature. Everyone has Buddha nature or waking nature, a wake up nature, everyone, and that wake
up nature have to be revealed by as that nature of the wake up itself. Nature of wake up is,
I'm using the wake up, but it's Buddha nature. Nature of Buddha nature is what is the nature,
it's loving kindness, compassion, wisdom, and when you allow the compassion, wisdom,
what is grace, harmony, peace, respect, and appreciation to all, everyone. That is the nature
of the, in call it the radiating energy of this Buddha nature. That what we're talking yesterday,
zhi, zhi is equal to everyone. Therefore, what Buddha give the teaching, how to reveal that
cause, how be us in that natural state. And we bring that up there and our all the difficulty
troubles, sufferings goes away as nightmare goes away. When we begin to wake up or we begin to
recognize or that illusion, illusion will be dispelled, removed by itself. So that is what,
so therefore so many, so many animals also attended to the teachings and 80,000 in the teaching
said
the select things, prior human students, prior human students, the name, again, I'm going to
say the names, names. Post name is Quixi, maybe I see if I can write this, I would have like to
just have a pronunciation because it is difficult for me.
Quixi, Quixi, C-K-U-N-S-H, H and that is, is a long name. Quixi, con dene, co-K-U-co,
co, maybe co, co, con, co, coni, con, maybe sorry, con dene, con dene, co,
so that is number one, con dene, co, con dene. And then second one is sambolata, T-H-U-L,
tatara, that is number two, number two, tatara, lanka, l-a-n-g-g-p-a, lanka, three, lanka, mun-chin
, m-i-n-g, mun-chin,
mun-chin, number four, co, co, con dene, tatara, lanka, mun-chin, sambol.
So that, that's it, the fifth one, fifth one. So those are the post-pipe students,
five students, human students. When the teaching said when buddha rated enlightenment and after
seven weeks and when brahmana entered the corset and please share your nectar, what you achieved,
please share. And then buddha accepted the corset and he told true home I shall give this nectar,
share, share this nectar, true home. Among all the individualists, buddha saw these five are
ready to mature, ready to mature. That means their karma is less, karma obscurations are less,
their emotions are less, less. They are also not caught in samsara, busyness and all that. So they
are kind of everywhere read that they are all that clear, less, less. And then what they have,
their wisdom is quite sparking. Their also readiness is sparking. Their enthusiasm is sparking.
Because of that, then buddha saw they are the post-student to share this nectar. So even though
they in the teaching said that I'm sure you read this, this, and these five are actually like the
subject of the buddha. When buddha was king, for instance, their subject. And for king sutta,
the father sutta then very much worried his only son left to the jungle and he really worried that
he will have so much difficulty troubles. So he sent so many servants. And buddha returned
all of those servant go by, I don't need any help. And then he kept because of father so much worry
that he kept this five, five students. Five students in the teaching said three from the
father side to from the mother side, he keep this five, five. And when they kept it, they kept it.
And they are also expressed and restricted to practice. And then there's nothing to do buddha.
I'm just meditating. So nothing to do that. But then in the teaching said that when they are
always kind of appreciate how our royal prince is so courageous and so determined,
committed to what he like to do during the ascetic practice, all that they're really
nearby they're doing practices. But then in buddha, after six years of ascetic practice,
he get up from that ascetic practices. And then he went to the religious
and resilient that delicious milk pudding, rich milk pudding from the beautiful young ladies
within the golden balls, golden balls. And they says, Oh, now this is a good amount.
He practice for six years. He didn't achieve something. Now he's falling back to the like,
the samsara lectures, lectures. He's accepting and accepting such a, this delicious
pudding from beautiful lady in the golden ball. And I'm sure now he will ask us to do walks and
keep us busy. And therefore, before he asked us, we should leave. We should leave him. And we go
away. This otherwise he will really demanding so many things to do for us. He's really now kind of
falling apart. So they left. They left quietly, quietly and went to Varanasi. Varanasi. So meantime
,
Buddha went and had those beautiful delicious rice pudding. And then he, he take the shower.
Of course he take the shower and the teaching said, and then he have the rice pudding. And then he,
he throw that golden ball in the, in the Narayanjana River, which is Narayanjana River runs near
the
Bodhgaya. Bodhgaya is still there in the river. And he throw that, and that moment that ender
picked
up that ball and talk to the guards to hear the heavens in the teaching said, to hear the heavens.
And then Buddha, when the Buddha granted that, the mug, this mug, mug pudding, and his compilations
and
this just completely changed. He becomes then the, the brilliant brightness of that 32 major marks
and 38 manual marks began to shine. So perfectly beautiful and become the golden colors. Perfectly
beautiful. Then, so that after that, then he went to the, get enlightenment. So that's the story of
the
five of these students. So now, when Buddha saw, they are ready everywhere, ready to receive the
past teaching and Buddha went to Varanasi. And when Varanasi came and he heard, they heard
that Buddha is coming to Sarnath or the modern time Sarnath, ancient time Deva. He's coming there
and therefore now because he's like, since we left, he's chasing us and he will demanding us to go,
to put us in war, war. So we should just going to ignore him when he comes to us. We're going to
ignore, we're not going to speak, we're not going to even look to him. Okay. And we're going to
play
what they call the sole person game. That's really like, like the series looking, we're going to do
that. They met that kind of angry that among them. So now Buddha is walking toward them. The moment
they see the Buddha, it's just glowing. It's just radiating. And that couldn't keep their,
what they discussed. They won't receive it. They won't complete it. And somebody, some are get up
and oh, you welcome. You look so beautiful. What happened to you? And all that, what happened? And
sit here and they kind of receiving him and offering the seat and all these things. And they said,
what do you, what do you, what you just looks gotama. And the Buddha said, another client,
client name is the gotama. He said, gotama, you look so beautiful. You look just changed.
What that happened to you? And Buddha said, should not call me gotama. I am the waking ones. Call
me
waking ones. Call me waking ones. And so should not call me. And I said, I reached the
enlightenment.
I've got the perfect realizations. Now I'm going to share to you that. So then they walked,
walked together from that where they meeting supporters to Sarnath or the, where they,
this modern times, if you went to Sarnath, you see there's like sport, sport where,
where they give the teachings. And also there's like the place that in India, Varanasi, there's
sport where the first time, five students and Buddha met, met first time. That sport, they met
beautiful monuments. Later maybe came, I showed all who ever met that. And our course is ruined,
ruined that. So walk there and give the first teachings. And first teaching was vulnerable
truth teachings. For noble truth teachings, among that vulnerable truth teachings, Buddha said
first
for noble truth teaching and which is vulnerable truth teaching is, I mean, you all know that
suffering truth, cause of suffering truth and the cessation, part, cessation of truth and part
truth.
When Buddha said the first time, that one time of that and that moment, this kunshi,
kundini, kundini, he become the Ahad. Immediately, he really reached, immediately the realization.
So in the teaching said that time in the world, there is officially two Ahadas, first is the Buddha
and second is this one, kushi kundini. And kushi means and even he said all great teacher,
I understand everything he said. I understand everything. Kushi in the Tibetan world means,
I under, not I, I know all. I and all understood, all understood kushi. So he's never announced
the kushi kundini. Then Buddha repeat the part three times that that and we need to repeat the
third term, all this rest whole become the Ahad, reach the realization instantly. So those are
known
six Ahadas, Buddha and five students. So that is what it is. Then Buddha meet the continual
teachings
on the Vinaya teachings. Vinaya teaching is what? I said principle meaning of the Vinaya teaching
is moralities. But generally, entire Buddha teaching has three principle meanings. Those are known
as